You're honest,
you're straightforward,
And you don't crack
under pressure,
As we all saw in an
amazing fourth quarter
Against westside.
All the kids
look up to you.
Now, what does
that spell?
Student...
Council...
President.
Who, me?
Oh, no. I...
I don't know anything
about that stuff, mr. M.
I mean, besides,
that's tracy flick's thing.
She's always
working so hard.
Yeah. She's a real
go-getter, all right.
And she's super nice.
Yeah, yeah,
But one person
assured of victory
Kind of undermines
the whole idea
Of democracy,
don't you think?
But, mr. M--
I mean, that'd be more
like a dictatorship
Like we studied.
But, mr. M,
there's--
Paul, what's
your favorite fruit?
Pears.
Pears. Good. Ok.
Let's say--
Oh, no, wait.
Apples.
Fine.
Let's say all you
ever knew were apples.
Apples, apples,
more apples.
You might think apples
were pretty good,
Even if you got a rotten
one once in a while.
But then one day...
There's an orange.
And now you can
make a decision.
Do you want an apple
Or do you want
an orange?
That's democracy.
I also like bananas.
[class bell rings]
Exactly. Good.
So what do you say?
Maybe it's time to give
a little something back.
How's that?